docs(usage): clarify that `packageRules` must have a selector (#31512)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

The matching process for a package rule:

> - Each package rule must include at least one `match...` matcher to include or exclude dependencies.
> - Each matcher must contain at least one pattern and may contain a mix of positive and negative patterns.
> - A matcher includes a package if it matches at least one positive pattern, or if there are no positive patterns.
> - A matcher exludes a package if it matches any negative pattern.
> - If a package is both included and excluded, the negative pattern wins and the package is excluded.
> - A package rule matches a dependency if it is included by every matcher (they're AND-ed together).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each package rule must include at least one `match...` matcher.
- If multiple matchers are included in one package rule, all of them must match.
- Each matcher must contain at least one pattern. Some matchers allow both positive and negative patterns.
- If a matcher includes any positive patterns, it must match at least one of them.
- A matcher returns `false` if it matches _any_ negative pattern, even if a positive match also occurred.
```
